feat(authentication): document new authentication capabilities (#23)
flipt-io/docs: docs/configuration.md

## Authentication

:::caution
Once authentication has been set to `required: true` all API routes will require a client token be presented.

Browser sessions (UI) will require a session compatible authentication method be enabled.

> At the time of writing this; session compatiable authentication methods are **not** yet supported.
> Meaning, authentication renders the UI unusable and Flipt is purely API driven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session compatible authentication methods are **not** yet supported, meaning that authentication renders the UI unusable and Flipt is purely API driven.
```

See the [Authentication](./authentication) documentation for more details on Flipt's API authentication handling.

### Authentication Methods

Beneath the `authentication` section of the configuration file is the `methods` section.
Each key beneath this section is a particular authentication method.
These methods are disabled (`enabled: false`) by default.
Enabling and configuring a method allows for different ways to establish client token credentials within Flipt.

#### Token

This core and first method within Flipt is known as `token`.
The `token` method provides the ability to create client tokens statically, with optional expiry constraints.

```yaml
authentication:
  methods:
    token:
      enabled: true
```

### Reverse-proxy

It is possible to secure Flipt simply by running it behind a reverse-proxy in your own trusted environment.
An example of this can be found in the core Flipt repository [here](https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt/tree/main/examples/auth).

## Authorization

Currently, Flipt only supports authentication without any extended authorization capabilities.

> Authorization is something we're actively exploring and designing.
> As we settle on a design this section will be updated

Author: Nice! How about something like:

```suggestion
Authorization is something we're actively exploring and we will update this section as we settle on a design.

We would appreciate your input into designing authorization. Head over to [our discord](https://flipt.io/discord) and let us know what you need from Flipt.
```
